# Mobile Web Specialist Certification Course


## Project Overview: Stage 1

### Features

* Use appropriate document type declaration and viewport tags
* Create a responsive grid-based layout using CSS
* Use media queries that provide fluid breakpoints across different screen sizes
* Use responsive images that adjust for the dimensions and resolution of any mobile device
* Implement accessibility features in the site HTML (most of this HTML is generated by JavaScript functions).
* Add a ServiceWorker script to cache requests to all of the site’s assets so that any page that has been visited by a user will be accessible when the user is offline. Only caching needs to be implemented, no other ServiceWorker features.


## Project Overview: Stage 2

### Features

Use server data instead of local memory In the first version of the application, all of the data for the restaurants was stored in the local application. You will need to change this behavior so that you are pulling all of your data from the server instead, and using the response data to generate the restaurant information on the main page and the detail page.

Use IndexedDB to cache JSON responses In order to maintain offline use with the development server you will need to update the service worker to store the JSON received by your requests using the IndexedDB API. As with Stage One, any page that has been visited by the user should be available offline, with data pulled from the shell database.

Meet the minimum performance requirements Once you have your app working with the server and working in offline mode, you’ll need to measure your site performance using Lighthouse.

Lighthouse measures performance in four areas, but your review will focus on three:

    Progressive Web App score should be at 90 or better.
    Performance score should be at 70 or better.
    Accessibility score should be at 90 or better.


## Project Overview: Stage 3

### Features

Add a form to allow users to create their own reviews: In previous versions of the application, users could only read reviews from the database. You will need to add a form that adds new reviews to the database. The form should include the user’s name, the restaurant id, the user’s rating, and whatever comments they have. Submitting the form should update the server when the user is online.

Add functionality to defer updates until the user is connected: If the user is not online, the app should notify the user that they are not connected, and save the users' data to submit automatically when re-connected. In this case, the review should be deferred and sent to the server when connection is re-established (but the review should still be visible locally even before it gets to the server.)

Meet the new performance requirements: In addition to adding new features, the performance targets you met in Stage Two have tightened. Using Lighthouse, you’ll need to measure your site performance against the new targets.

    Progressive Web App score should be at 90 or better.
    Performance score should be at 90 or better.
    Accessibility score should be at 90 or better.


### How to run

gulp serve:dist
